Added some prose to explain what this is (#10)
scala-js/scala-js-macrotask-executor: README.md

# scala-js-macrotask-executor

> An implementation of `ExecutionContext` in terms of JavaScript's [`setImmediate`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/setImmediate). Unfortunately for everyone involved, `setImmediate` is only available on Edge and NodeJS, meaning that this functionality must be polyfilled on all other environments. The details of this polyfill can be found in the readme of the excellent [YuzuJS/setImmediate](https://github.com/YuzuJS/setImmediate) project, though the implementation here is in terms of ScalaJS primitives rather than raw JavaScript.

Reviewer: For correct spelling:
```suggestion
An implementation of `ExecutionContext` in terms of JavaScript's [`setImmediate`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/setImmediate). Unfortunately for everyone involved, `setImmediate` is only available on Edge and Node.js, meaning that this functionality must be polyfilled on all other environments. The details of this polyfill can be found in the readme of the excellent [YuzuJS/setImmediate](https://github.com/YuzuJS/setImmediate) project, though the implementation here is in terms of Scala.js primitives rather than raw JavaScript.
```
😉
